well hany Mahmud joins us now live from
RAF so hany take us through the strikes
on civilian buildings including that of
a famous comedian who is trying to
entertain and cheer up children
there yes Sammy and just uh give you the
latest of what's going on here in
overcrowded ra just within the past hour
massive air strikes in central part of
Rafa City on a road a very busy road
leading to a market and at this
particular hour of the day the market is
stretching to the vicinity of its area
including this very Road where an air
strike took place targeting a twostory
residential buildings the area felt like
an earthquake just hit it complete
destruction fire everywhere it caused by
the bombs Park cars are incinerated
people on the sidewalk are in critical
injuries and people were pulled it from
inside the house from under the rubbles
and the furniture that was Burning uh
seven people have been reported killed
five of them have been identified two
others medical staff and other people
were not able to identify them as they
were completely incinerated beyond
recognition they're all in a Nar
Hospital some of the injuries here were
reported to Kuwait Kuwait hospital here
where the point where we're reporting
from this is a f family that has been
displaced from Khan Unice and has been
Sheltering this residential home within
the past for the past few weeks only to
get bombed and killed here she sheer
level of destructions and a great deal
of trauma and Terror in the area as
people are caused to be internally
displaced right now as this is the
aftermath of every aist Tri not only
caused destruction to the targeted
residential home but also its vicinity
we're talking about five more
residential buildings are severely
damaged to the point they are not
livable just further the uh the
suffering and the misery of this place
Palestinians at earlier hours today
there was an an air strike at the
western part of the central area where a
residential home was also targeted a
number of people were reported and
killed the worst of what happened is in
overnight attacks in Dar bah City an
area where people were literally
directed by the Israeli military to go
there because it's a safe area where
targeted and killed inside a residential
home 25 people were killed and more than
75 people were reported in a critical
injuries all reported to alaka hospital
the residential homes uh was full of
evacu from the northern part of the city
that's a family of a Palestinian
comedian here all of his family and his
in-laws were Sheltering inside this
residential homes unfortunately the
bombing continues and the drama
continues and there is a sheer level of
Terror going on right now as there are
more attack drones and surveillance
drone in the area of causing great deal
of intimidation to people all right
thanks so much hany Mahmud there